"Good, better, best. Never rest until your good is better and your better is best. Good afternoon.",
"As you climb the ladder of success, occasionally check to make sure it is leaning against the right wall. Good afternoon and good day!",
"Never stop believing in hope because miracles happen every day. Good afternoon.",
"Learning history is so easy but making history is so difficult. Make a history of yourself and make others learn it! Good afternoon!",
"Under certain circumstances, there are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea.", 
"If I were a dove, I would bring you peace. A sheep, I would bring you miracles, an angel everyone you love, but since I'm only human, I can only wish you the best. Good afternoon.",
"I love the afternoons so much because the beautiful rays of sunshine are a reminder of your beautiful face even when you are miles away.",
"Wishing you the best of the best that the afternoon has to bring to the table, Have a good afternoon!",
"This afternoon is a prize for you after a restless day. However, expose yourself to this refreshing afternoon wind and let it fill you with expectation, dream, and determination. Good afternoon!",
"Being in love with you is the sweetest feeling I have ever known. However, I want to say thank you for making my days brilliant. Good afternoon!",
"This bright afternoon sun always reminds me of how you brighten my life with all the happiness. I miss you a lot this afternoon. Make some good memories!",
"Time to recall sweet people in your life. Also, I know I will be first on the list. Thanks for that. Good afternoon my dear!",
"Every moment of my life is enjoyable if we spent them with you. Therefore, let's make this afternoon an important one together. Good afternoon, my love!",
"My friends, it is already late and soon the workday will reach a conclusion, so it is time to put forth a last attempt and prepare ourselves to return home. I trust you have a good afternoon.",
"A relaxing afternoon wind and the sweet pleasure of your organisation can fill my heart with joy completely. Missing you so severely during this time of the day! Good afternoon!",
"My love, I trust you are doing great at work and that, you recollect, I will wait for you at home with my arms open to spoil you and give you all my love. Also, to wish you a good afternoon!",
"I want you when I get up in the morning; I want you when I rest at night and I want you when I relax under the sun in the afternoon!",
"The Morning spent with your family; the afternoon spent with your works; the evening spent with your friends; the night spent with your dreams, all cause a perfect day, to have a happy noon!",
"The dark blue sky of this bright afternoon reminds me of the deepness of your heart and the brightness of your spirit. However, May you have an essential afternoon!",
"Mornings are for starting another work, Afternoons are for remembering, Evenings are for refreshing, Nights are for relaxing, So recollect individuals, who are remembering you, Have a happy noon!",
"Also, May your good afternoon be light, blessed, enlightened, productive and happy.",
"Good afternoon! May the sweet harmony be part of your heart today and always and there is life shining through your sigh. May you have a lot of light and harmony.",
"Fall in love with the energy of the mornings, trace your fingers along the lull of the afternoons, take the spirit of the evenings in your arms, kiss it profoundly and afterward have intercourse to the tranquillity of the nights.",
"Wishing you an afternoon experience so sweet that vibe is thankful to be alive today. Also, May you have the best afternoon of your life today!",
"I petition god that he keeps me close to you so we can enjoy these beautiful afternoons together until the end of time! Wishing you a good time this afternoon!",
"May this beautiful afternoon fill your heart with boundless happiness and give you new would like to start yours with. However, May you have a lot of fun! Good afternoon dear!",
"As the blazing sun gradually starts making its way to the west, I want you to know that this beautiful afternoon is here to favour your life with progress and harmony. Good afternoon!",
"Regardless of what time of the day it is, no matter what I am doing, no matter what is right and what is wrong, I still recollect you like this time, Good Afternoon!",
"Your love is like the platelets that run inside my veins. Your presence in life is more than a necessity to me. Also, want to say I love you! Good afternoon my love!",
"The afternoon is a perfect time to energise your drained-up self after a toiling day. Therefore, this afternoon is supportive of you to take a full breath and start the excursion by and by.",
"In you, I have discovered the sweetest gift of my life. However, your love causes me to feel grateful to God. Good afternoon dear!",
"Afternoons like this make me think about you more. I desire so profoundly to be with you in one of these afternoons just to tell you the amount I love you. Good afternoon my love!",
"There are few hours in life more pleasant than the hour dedicated to the service known as afternoon tea. Take it and energise yourself for the rest of the day.",
"You could get a simple idea one afternoon that could completely transform you. Great innovators just needed one idea to make an enormous difference. Also, to continue striving and you will arrive at success.",
"There are no mistakes, no coincidences, all events are blessings given to us to learn. An excursion of a thousand miles started with just one step. Good Afternoon!",
"Wishing a fantastic afternoon for the most beautiful soul I have ever met. I trust you are having a good time relaxing and enjoying the beauty of this time!",
"Nature looks quieter and more beautiful at this time of the day! Also, you truly don't want to miss the beauty of this time! Wishing you a happy afternoon!",
"You are all of special to me, just like a relaxing afternoon is special after a toiling noon. Thinking of my special one in this special time of the day!",
"As you prepare yourself to wave goodbye to another wonderful day, I want you to know that I am thinking of you constantly. Good afternoon!",
"Every afternoon spent with you gives me extra reasons to fall in love with you again and again. Also, you mean the entire world to me. Good afternoon!",
"This afternoon is here to quiet your canine tired mind after a hectic day. Enjoy the blessings it offers you and be thankful always. Good afternoon!",
"The day has come to a halt, realising that I am yet to wish you a splendid afternoon. My dear, if you thought you were forgotten, you're so off-base. Good afternoon!",
"Every afternoon is to recollect the one whom my heart beats for. Therefore, you're the one I live and sure can die for. Expectation you doing good there, my love. Missing your face.",
"With a blue sky over my head and a relaxing wind around me, the main thing I am missing right now is the sight of you. I wish you a refreshing afternoon!",
"With you every day is my lucky day. So lucky being your love and don't know what else to state. Morning, night and noon, you fill my heart with joy.",
"Things are changing. I see everything turning around in my favour. Also, the last time I checked, it's courtesy of your love. 1000 kisses from me to you. I love you truly and wishing you a happy noon.",
"Denotation of noon is not just media of the day, but it is the impenetrable time to do anything in our life. So covering this noon happily, good afternoon.",
"However, May we bless regularly your life from dusk till sunrise. Good afternoon to my dearest friend. Enjoy this beautiful time of the day to the fullest!",
"I trust you had a wonderful morning with my morning wishes. Here I am sending my afternoon wish to you to have outstanding noon, Happy noon my dear friend!",
"The gentle afternoon wind feels like a sweet embrace from you. Also, you are in all my thoughts on this wonderful afternoon. Expectation you are enjoying the time!",
"My wishes will always be with you, Morning wish to cause you to feel fresh, Afternoon wishes to accompany you, Evening wishes to refresh you, Night wishes to comfort you with rest, Good Afternoon Dear!",
"You're always in my thoughts and petitions. I appeal to God for your afternoon to be filled with blessings. Good afternoon.",
"Noon time – it's time to have a brief break. Breathe the warmth of the sun, Who is shining up in between the clouds, Good afternoon!",
"How I wish the sun could obey me for a second, to stop its scorching ride on my angel. So sorry it will be hot there. Don't worry, the evening will before long come. I love you.",
"Darling, though I am not with you right now, I trust your afternoon is as beautiful as you may be. Good afternoon my love. I love you.",
"You are the cure that I need to take three times every day, in the morning, at the night and in the afternoon. I am missing you a lot right now. Good afternoon!",
"May this afternoon bring a lot of pleasant surprises for you and fill your heart with infinite delight. Wishing you a warm and love filled afternoon!",
"I trust you have a delightful afternoon and that you keep up your optimism because the mind is powerful enough to do great things.",
"You are a blessed soul if you are still alive to experience this amazing afternoon today. Take your inspiration from this bright sun and make your life wonderful.",
"I wish you have a pleasant afternoon, perform activities in which you feel comfortable, and encircle yourself with the individuals that you love the most.",
"At the point when friendship is your greatest weakness, you will be the strongest person on the planet! 'Good Afternoon'",
"Your love is sweeter than what I read in romantic novels and fulfilling more than I find in epic films. I couldn't have been me, without you. Good afternoon, I love you!",
"Learning history is so natural but making history is so difficult. Make a history of yourself and make others to learn it! Good Afternoon!",
"You must be so tired after a taxing day, but do you what? The day is still so young and loaded with positive energy for you to absorb. Good afternoon!",
"My heart needs for your organization constantly. A beautiful afternoon like this can be made more enjoyable if you just decide to go through it with me. Good afternoon!",
"I wish I were with you this time of the day. We barely have a beautiful afternoon like this nowadays. Wishing you a tranquil afternoon!",
"Afternoon has come to indicate you, Half of your day's worth of effort is finished, Just another a large portion of a day to go, Be brisk and continue enjoying your works, Have a happy noon!",
"Your presence could make this afternoon considerably more pleasurable for me. Your organisation is what I cherish constantly. Good afternoon!",
"Be bright like the afternoon sun and let everyone who sees you feel inspired by all the great things you do. You have one life here on earth. Make the most of it in whatever way you can. Good Afternoon!",
"My wishes will always be with you. However, I wish you a morning wish to cause you to feel fresh, afternoon wishes to accompany you, evening wishes to refresh you, Night wishes to comfort you with rest, good afternoon dear!",
"Good times always appear after the hardest time in your life. Just like a relaxing afternoon takes place after a hectic noon. Wish you all the best for the coming days.",
"Sleeplessness at night is not always a medical condition for certain individuals. Sometimes it's the punishment from God for those who rest during such a beautiful afternoon!",
"I will always be there for you as long as I have a beating heart. However, you are my. Wishing my love a glorious afternoon!",
"The best thing about this afternoon is that I have you with me to share it together. I expect making it a vital one. Good afternoon!",
"At the point when I take a gander at you, there is this charming beauty in you. I can't resist your charm. Good afternoon.",
"If you want to skip the hectic noon every day in your life, you rest late at night and wake up after the noon. Good afternoon my friend. You're doing it so right!",
"We ought to contemplate more sunsets next to the individuals we want the same number of them to look like beautiful paintings that nature gives us to contemplate, relax and reflect. Good afternoon!",
"What a wonderful afternoon to finish your day with! I trust you're having a great time sitting in your gallery, enjoying this afternoon's beauty!",
"SUCCESS is century make it, PROBLEM is yorker face it, FAILURE is bouncer leave it, LUCK is full toss use it, but an OPPORTUNITY is a free hit never miss it, Good Afternoon my friends.",
"The biggest motivation is your own thoughts, so think big and motivate yourself to win. Good Afternoon!",
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Till your good is better and your better is best. 'Good Afternoon'",
"I was enjoying this beautiful afternoon so much when I thought of you and said to myself, that idiot friend of mine must be sleeping. What a misfortune of you to miss such a beautiful afternoon!",
"I trust things have been outstanding in the morning, but if they were not, so don't worry, you still have a few hours in the afternoon to finish the day in the best way. I miss you definitely and I will send you all my good vibes.",
"Let go of all your troubles and light up your reality with the brightness of this afternoon. Also, you have a long way to go still. I wish you an afternoon that's brimming with inspiration!",
"Your dream doesn't have an expiration date. Take a full breath and try again. Good Afternoon Dear.",
"If you feel tired and sluggish, you could utilise a nap. Also, it will assist you with recovering your energy and feeling improved to finish the day. Have a beautiful afternoon!",
"Life is a magic. The beauty of life is the next second, which hides thousands of secrets. Therefore, I wish every subsequent will be wonderful in your life. Good Afternoon!",
"You can go to your balcony and take a full breath, examine the bright sky and plan for tomorrow. But you decide to take a nap. That's a good afternoon for you, old buddy!",
"Sweet things to be recalled, good things to be recollected, nice persons to be recollected. Afternoon is the best time for it. Just think of me. All the above will be get done. Good noon!",
"There are good and bad moments, but when a friend is next to you, everything is different. Also, to tell you happiness turns out to be more immense and pity is easier to cope with, so I wish you a sunny afternoon, dear friend.",
"I don't always say good afternoon to anybody, but when I state, I express it to imply that I'm prepared for the afternoon party!",
"As you climb the ladder of success, check occasionally to make sure it is leaning against the right wall. Also, to wish you Good Afternoon and Good Day!",
"The afternoon knows what the morning never suspected.",
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best. Good Afternoon.", 
"Good afternoon guys, just remember that no matter where you are right now focused and a positive mindset can lead you to where you want to be in life.",
"Happiness is a hot bath on a Sunday afternoon.",
"If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon perfectly uselessly, you have learned how to live.",
"Afternoons are hard. Mornings are pure evil from the pits of hell, which is why I don't do them anymore.",
"Spend the afternoon. You can't take it with you.",
"I write in the morning, I walk in the afternoon and I read in the evening. However, it's a very easy, lovely life.", 
"There are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea.",
"Have you stuck again in an afternoon with nothing to do? Start with your dreams, decide where you want to be and create a plan to reach there. Every little step will lead you closer to your destiny.",
"The afternoon is not only the middle of the day, it is the time to complete our essential task and go ahead in life.",